# cas502_religious_text_cross_referencing_tool-
Team: Andrew Niemack and Joshua Carlin

Project Description: This tool is for taking databases of words from several different religious texts for the purpose of cross-referencing use of words that are related to one another. This tool will draw on databases of both scriptural and extra-scriptural sources to compare and contrast usage of words to both inform and verify the reliability of the translation. Beyond translational use, it would also help inform any study in comparative religion to see how each culture and language treats similar and different concepts. 

Anticipated Challenges: One of the technical challenges I anticipate is I’m not sure how much access I will have to databases, and how robust those databases might be. Furthermore, trying to balance translational software with dictionary software will likely require a degree of skill with coding that I do not yet have. It may happen that one or the other will have to be developed at some later stage, or one will be very basic and the other will be more fleshed out. The team consists of myself and Andrew Niemack and considering my being an absolute beginner in coding, I will say that there is a challenge in the team composition as a result of the large discrepancy in skills between myself and what the project might call for. Thankfully, this is an idealized theoretical final product, but the product at the end of this course will likely be a very rough prototype of this. Lastly, one challenge regarding the process that would make collaborating difficult in general is that because this works with a large array of languages, it may require collaboration with databases maintained by a diverse enough group of people that it would be difficult to do on one’s own. Beyond that, collaboration within the team itself could be complicated by differences in opinion of how to organize collation of data or even what data to include, as well as what functionalities to implement and in what order.

Communication Plan: The plan is to talk regularly over slack about each week’s goals and what the assignments will require. When necessary, I would also like to meet over zoom. I assume we will work in a shared space, so we’ll be able to see what the other person is doing with the code. This could change depending on the availability and preferences of anybody I end up working with because of personal communication styles, work styles, or even time zones.
